The task j002 is aimed at seeing how one can work with JSON data in JavaScript.

The problem that I am interested in addressing is creating a browser-based 
interface to the final exam database.  The data to process is normally kept
in the git repository in webber/material4final/examdatabase.json .  Since this
will be changing during the semester, I have made a copy of the first version
of it in the file examdatabase.js in this directory for use with initial
practice of this task.  In changing from the json suffix to the js suffix, 
I have also added a bit of JavaScript to assign the json to a global variable
named examdatabase.  Thus your local html file can load it just like any other
local javascript file you might load (and loading it executes the JavaScript
code that pulls the database into your browser space).

There is a very short tutorial that shows you how to use JSON data in
JavaScript http://iviewsource.com/codingtutorials/getting-started-with-javascript-object-notation-json-for-absolute-beginners/
It shifts to jQuery only at the very end where it talks about reading JSON
data from an external file.  Reading from an external file that is local is
different from reading from an external file accessed through a web server
as discussed in http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7346563/loading-local-json-file .
Here, we are interested in accessing it without a web server, which is why
the .js route was taken.


Stage 1: Set up an html page j002.html that includes examdatabase.js and 
your j002.js file.  j002.js should cause the description field of the
examdatabase object to appear on browser screen by inserting it into the DOM
at an appropriate place.

Stage 2: Add two buttons to the page.  These buttons are associated with
some text space.  The text space is labelled question: and answer: and
initially empty.  When the question button is pushed, the first question from
the examdatabase is displayed (and if there was an answer left over from a
previous push of this button, that answer is removed from the screen).
When the answer button is pushed, the answer field for that question is
displayed.

Stage 3: Instead of displaying the first question, when the question button
is pushed, you would like to display a random question.  As with most 
programming languages, there is a random number generator in the standard
library, e.g., see:
 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1527803/generating-random-whole-numbers-in-javascript-in-a-specific-range
To get this to work, you are also going to have to figure out how long the 
array of questions is (note there is a null at the end of the array).

Stage 4: If you look in the examdatabase.js file, you will see one of the
questions has two answers.  You want to make sure that if all the answers
are displayed in that case as well (at some future time we might also want
to support more than two answers for a question).

Stage 5: Add to the page buttons that you press to indicate whether or not
you got that question right.

Stage 6: Update the question button so that it won't give you a new question
til you indicate whether or not the answer to the current question was right
(it should print a message to the user so they know what they need to do).

Stage 7: Add to the html a display showing how many questions you have got
right and how many you have got wrong.

If you use this task and notice that there are ways to make it easier or more
useful to use, let me know and extra tasks may be generated from this feedback.

